so as the department had your your day never really ends and you wake
up and you're making sure that your people are taken care of, that they
have all the material that they need to accomplish the task that
you may have given them. But I think it goes beyond that. I think it
goes on to the fact where you want to find out more about those individuals,
that you want to see, what makes them tick and maybe some
things that are stopping them from accomplishing the goals that they
have. Because ultimately, as department, you're responsible for the
divisions under you and all the personnel, and we want to have the
same mission accomplished. We all want to meet the commander's intent
and his priorities or her priorities. And so we are really the stopper
and the gap in the filter from the higher ups and were pushing
information down. But we're also taking information from the junior
sailors and pushing it up to the chain of command